[identity] document various user-assigned managed identities (#31216)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md

  const client = new SecretClient("https://key-vault-name.vault.azure.net", credential);
}
```

> 

Author: To be totally honest, I feel like all this is doing is duplicating the types that we already provide. I wanted to offer more, like a "for more information on user-assigned managed identities please refer to [the documentation]()"

But, the only documentation I was able to find on this was https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview-managed-identity?tabs=portal%2Chttp#rest-endpoint-reference and I don't think it's very clear either. Anyone have a link that I could share? Or is this sufficient?

Author: Thanks!

}
```

To authenticate with a user-assigned managed identity, specify one of the following IDs for the managed identity:

```ts
/**
 * Authenticate with a user-assigned managed identity using a client ID
 */
function withUserManagedIdentityCredential() {
  const credential = new ManagedIdentityCredential({ clientId: "<USER_ASSIGNED_MANAGED_IDENTITY_CLIENT_ID>" });

  const client = new SecretClient("https://key-vault-name.vault.azure.net", credential);
}

/**
 * Authenticate with a user-assigned managed identity using a resource ID
 */
function withUserManagedIdentityCredential() {
  const credential = new ManagedIdentityCredential({ resourceId: "<USER_ASSIGNED_MANAGED_IDENTITY_RESOURCE_ID>" });

  const client = new SecretClient("https://key-vault-name.vault.azure.net", credential);
}

/**
 * Authenticate with a user-assigned managed identity using an object ID
 */
function withUserManagedIdentityCredential() {
  const credential = new ManagedIdentityCredential({ objectId: "<USER_ASSIGNED_MANAGED_IDENTITY_OBJECT_ID>" });

  const client = new SecretClient("https://key-vault-name.vault.azure.net", credential);
}
```

> > For more information about user-assigned managed identities please see the [Developer Introduction and Guidelines](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview-for-developers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about user-assigned managed identities, see [Connecting from your application to resources without handling credentials](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview-for-developers).
```
